id	description
1	There is a desk and a chair.
2	There is a desk and a computer.
3	There is a desk and a laptop.
4	There is a desk and a lamp.
5	There is a desk and a poster.
6	There is a desk and a notepad.
7	There is a desk and a keyboard and a monitor.
8	There is a desk and a monitor and a mouse.
9	There is a desk and a monitor and a keyboard and a mouse.
10	There is a desk and there is a notepad on the desk. There is a pen next to the notepad.
11	There is a desk and there is a notepad on the desk. There is a pen on the notepad.
12	There is a desk and there is a stapler on the desk. There is a notepad to the left of the stapler.
13	There is a desk and there is a stapler on the desk. There is a keyboard to the right of the stapler.
14	There is a table and a chair.
15	There is a table and there is a plate on the table.
16	There is a table and there are two plates on the table.
17	There is a table and there is a plate. There is a sandwich on the plate.
18	There is a table and there is a sandwich.
19	There is a table and there is a lamp.
20	There is a table and there is a chair to the left of the table.
21	There is a table and there is a chair to the right of the table.
22	There is a table and there is a lamp on the table.
23	There is a table and there are two chairs.
24	There is a table and there are four chairs.
25	There is a table and there are four chairs.  There are four plates and there are four sandwiches.
26	There is a table and there is a chair to the left of the table.  There is a chair to the right of the table.
27	There is a table and there is a chair in front of the table. There is a chair behind the table.
28	There is a table and there is a chair to the left of the table.  There is a chair to the right of the table. There is a chair in front of the table. There is a chair behind the table.
29	There is a bed next to the wall.
30	There is a bed and there is a laptop on the bed.
31	There is a bed and there is a pillow on the bed.
32	There is a bed and there is a nightstand next to the bed.
33	There is a bed and there is a nightstand next to the bed. There is a floor lamp next to the nightstand.
34	There is a bed and there is a nightstand next to the bed. There is a floor lamp next to the bed.
35	There is a bed and there is a nightstand next to the bed. There is a lamp on the nightstand.
36	There is a bed and there is a chair next to the bed.
37	There is a coffee table.
38	There is a coffee table and there is a vase on the coffee table.
39	There is a coffee table and there is a couch behind the coffee table.
40	There is a coffee table and there is a couch behind the coffee table. There is a vase.
41	There is a coffee table and there is a couch behind the coffee table. There is a vase.
42	There is a coffee table and there is a couch.  There is a chair next to the coffee table.
43	There is a couch. There is a vase.
44	There is a couch. There is a coffee table and there is a plant.
45	There is a couch. There is a coffee table and there is a plant on the coffee table.
46	There is a couch and there is a pillow on the couch.  There is a chair next to the couch.
47	There is a lamp and there is a chair next to the lamp. There is a coffee table next to the chair.
48	There is a coffee table and there is a lamp behind the coffee table. There is a chair in front of the coffee table.
49	There is a desk and there is a lamp next to the desk.  There is a chair in front of the desk.
50	There is a desk and there is a lamp next to the desk.  There is a chair in front of the desk.  There is a trash bin next to the desk.
